RN 41517 (#4271)
SkylineCommunications/dataminer-docs: user-guide/Basic_Functionality/Visio/miscellaneous/Disabling_the_Loading_message_for_a_page_or_shape.md

When data linked to a page or shape is retrieved in Visual Overview, an indication can be displayed that the page is loading. In some cases, this can be inconvenient, for example when a shape is linked to a parameter that may or may not exist. Therefore, it is possible to use the *EnableLoading* option to determine whether this is indicated for a page or for a particular shape.

> From DataMiner 10.4.0 [CU12]/10.5.0/10.5.3 onwards<!--RN 41517-->, child shapes inherit the *EnableLoading* setting that was set on shape or page level, unless explicitly overridden at the child shape level.

Reviewer: I'm not sure how I would word it, but the page setting can be overridden on a top level shape as well. This reads as if only child shapes can override it. I checked how it's phrased in things like HistoryMode and Enabled, which work the same way. Seems there's not as much detail there though.

Author: ```suggestion
From DataMiner 10.4.0 [CU12]/10.5.0/10.5.3 onwards<!--RN 41517-->, if set at the page level, the *EnableLoading* setting will be inherited by all shapes on the page, unless explicitly overridden at the shape level. Similarly, if set on a top-level shape, it will apply to its child shapes unless overridden.
```

@ToonCasteele, I've rewritten the paragraph in an attempt to get rid of this ambiguity. Is this better?

Reviewer: > @ToonCasteele, I've rewritten the paragraph in an attempt to get rid of this ambiguity. Is this better?

The info is now correct, but last thing I want to point out is that the override on top level shapes was already the case before this version. It's only the child level shape inheritance/overrides that have now changed. The thing of the RN was that child shapes now also report their loading, hence why we had to pull through the inheritence to there.

Author: ```suggestion
If set at the page level, the *EnableLoading* setting will be inherited by all top-level shapes, unless explicitly overridden at the shape level. From DataMiner 10.4.0 [CU12]/10.5.0/10.5.3 onwards<!--RN 41517-->, child shapes will also inherit this setting when applied at the page level or on a top-level shape, unless overridden.
```

Another attempt, @ToonCasteele. 😊 What do you think?

  - Add a shape data field of type **Options** to the page, and set its value to *EnableLoading=False*.

  - Add a shape data field of type **Options** to the shape, and set its value to *EnableLoading=True*.

> [!NOTE]

> > From DataMiner 10.4.0 [CU12]/10.5.0/10.5.3 onwards<!--RN 41517-->, once shape loading reaches the two-minute timeout or if you cancel loading by clicking the "X" button on the loading bar, you can consult the debug logs to identify which shapes are still pending. You can then disable loading indicators for these specific shapes by setting the *EnableLoading* option to "false," which will significantly reduce the loading time.

Reviewer: I would not phrase it like this. This gives the impression that your performance is improving. Rather the reported loading times and indication will be more accurate.

Author: ```suggestion
> From DataMiner 10.4.0 [CU12]/10.5.0/10.5.3 onwards<!--RN 41517-->, once shape loading reaches the two-minute timeout or if you cancel loading by clicking the "X" button on the loading bar, you can consult the debug logs to identify which shapes are still pending. For example, if a shape is linked to a parameter that does not exist, it might remain in a loading state indefinitely. Once you have identified these shapes, you can disable their loading indicators by setting the *EnableLoading* option to "false". This ensures that the loading indication accurately reflects which shapes are genuinely waiting for data and which do not require a loading indication.
```

What do you think, @ToonCasteele?
